Optimize abstracts of ISS (CQA) (#4941)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_synchronizing-content-between-servers.adoc

= Synchronizing content between {ProjectServer}s

[role="_abstract"]

> In multi-server {Project} deployments, use {ISS} to deliver content from upstream to downstream {ProjectServer}s over a network or through export and import, including custom repositories, content view versions, and individual repositories.

Author: ```suggestion
In multi-server {Project} deployments, use {ISS} to deliver content from upstream to downstream {ProjectServer}s over a network or through export and import, including the Library environment, content view versions, and individual repositories.
```
